Update package readme (#21)
instana/observability-as-code: packages/@instana-integration/nodejs/README.md

|----------------------------|-------|------------------------|
| service.name               | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity name.    |
| service.instance.id        | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity ID of the current object.  |

### Installation and Usage

> With Instana CLI [stanctl-integration](https://github.com/instana/observability-as-code) for integration package management, you can manage the lifecycle of this package by downloading and importing into Instana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [Instana CLI for integration package management](https://github.com/instana/observability-as-code?tab=readme-ov-file#instana-cli-for-integration-package-management), you can manage the lifecycle of this package by downloading and importing into Instana.
```

Author: Updated

|----------------------------|-------|------------------------|
| service.name               | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity name.    |
| service.instance.id        | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity ID of the current object.  |

### Installation and Usage

> With [Instana CLI for integration package management](https://github.com/instana/observability-as-code?tab=readme-ov-file#instana-cli-for-integration-package-management), you can manage the lifecycle of this package by downloading and importing into Instana.

Author: Updated

Downloading the package:

```shell
$ stanctl-integration download --package @instana-integration/nodejs
```

> Importing the dashboard into Instana:

Author: Updated

```shell
$ stanctl-integration import --package @instana-integration/nodejs \
  --server $INSTANA_SERVER \
  --token $API_TOKEN \
  --set servicename=$SERVICE_NAME \
  --set serviceinstanceid=$SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID
```

> - INSTANA_SERVER: This is the base URL of a tenant unit, e.g. https://test-example.instana.io. This is the same URL that is used to access the Instana user interface.
> - API_TOKEN: Requests against the Instana API require valid API tokens. An initial API token can be generated via the Instana user interface. Any additional API tokens can be generated via the API itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- INSTANA_SERVER: This is the base URL of an Instana tenant unit, e.g. https://test-example.instana.io, which is used by the CLI to communicate with Instana server for package lifecycle management.
- API_TOKEN: Requests against the Instana API require valid API tokens. The API token can be generated via the Instana user interface. For more information, please refers to [Instana documentation](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=apis-instana-rest-api#usage-of-api-token).
```

Author: Updated
